# October 13, 2021

---

Discussion Location: Discord Text Chat

Participants:  Brandon H, Brandon S, Stephen, Vinny

---

Prior to our meeting with Dan, we all discussed who would be the primary presenter for the meeting. Stephen was elected. It was confirmed that we should show the current state of the working backend. 

Brandon S reminded everyone of the ethics quiz that is due. 

Stephen Brought up that he was going to be busy in the afternoon on friday after all and it was coordinated that we would meet at 9am. 

